Joel Slater from Ram truck marketing
here to talk to you about the all-new
2011 Ram outdoorsman a truck that's
purpose-built for the customer likes to
hunt fish or camp and one of the
greatest features of all for an
outdoorsman is the available RAM box
holster the RAM box holster secures up
to six fishing rods securely in a
lighted weather sealed lockable storage
bin it's over each wheel well on a crew
cab 1500 model it also will convert for
hunters to hold up to two long guns
shotguns or even rifles with scope it's
a great feature in Ram engineers know
that outdoorsmen are pulling trailers so
we built this truck just for their needs
with a standard 2 inch class 4 receiver
in a 7 pin and a 4 pin trailer connector
all you need to do is slide your
receiver hitch in hook up your trailer
and take off no need to send the truck
down to get rewired at the shop and
furthermore the location of the 7 and 4
pin connector is very convenient it's
above the bumper where it's going to
stay out of the mud and it's got the
license plate light right next to it to
make it easy to hook up even at night
all Ram outdoorsman's come in two-tone
paint it's got a mineral gray lower and
shown here with a brilliant black upper
paint the bumpers are made of steel to
be scratch resistant tow hooks are
included to help you pull items off the
trail and with standard fog lamps quad
halogen headlamps it lights up the way
on a two-lane road
we've also added an under hood lamp and
a standard courtesy lamp on the mirror
to help you find your way in the dark
and to continue with the ruggedness
you've got a wheel flare to help protect
against scratches on the wheels and
aggressive mud and snow tread to help
you on and off road
the tires also our light truck not
passenger tires which means it's got a
thicker sidewall that's more puncture
resistant optional trailer tow mirrors
are available with longer arms and a
bigger view to help you see what's
behind you and they're black along with
the door handles to be glare resistant
outdoors men and women spend hours on
the road so the outdoorsman comes with
comfort and convenience items for them
we made the 10 way power driver seat
standard along with the power lumbar
other convenience items are an upper and
lower storage compartment where you can
put all of your goods 115 volt power
inverter to recharge batteries and other
equipment and a universal garage door
opener that lets you control up to three
separate doors or gates there's an added
center console light to help you find
things in the dark and illuminated
vanity mirrors will help even the bull
hunter put on his camel face paint
without making a mess Ram outdoorsman
also has a factory in - electronic
trailer brake controller so that all you
have to do is hook up your trailer and
drive away standard on all outdoorsman
is front and rear mud and slush mats and
in the rear their full mats they cover
both the foot wells and the tunnel in
the center standard on Ram outdoorsman
is a split 60/40 rear seat on crew cab
Quad Cab and Mega Cab this allows you to
have a combination of cargo and
passengers so you can fit all of your
gear and there's added storage under the
seat for even more items Ram outdoorsman
comes standard with remote start to
allow you to preheat or cool your truck
that lets you get back in to a
comfortable environment after a long day
in the outdoors
not only will Ram 1500 s-class exclusive
five length coil rear suspension pull
your trailer and haul your gear also do
it with great comfort
get you where you're going ready forever
we're excited about the 2011 Ram
outdoorsman and if you want one to take
you on a great adventure go to Ram
trucks calm or see your local dealer